I really gave you face, didn't I?
But I chatted with you
You took it seriously yourself, didn't you?
Lord Xuanque said he would be there in a while
How long can he be arrogant?
Don't listen to him
Follow him directly
Next, I will hand it over to Lord Xuanque to take credit
I see who dares
Shenyang
Are you really going to insist on protecting him today?
All of you here today have seen
Passion is reckless
And you just want to cling to the whole pass
Indiscriminate hands-on approach to the situation
Do you really think I, Tang Xue, are vegetarian?
Tang Xueyao
What is it to call you Miss Tang?
Do you really think your Tang family
Can compete with the three of us
Offended the Qing army
Even if you are the god of war going north
No one can take your mother
Haha, it's just a small hardship
Let your three major families be arrogant to death
Okay, I'm going to see your three major families today
How much energy?
The heads of the three major families have arrived
Three major families